people have been complaining about all
the drone content on my channel recently
so here's a drone video eat [__]
[Music]
this 2018 is coming to a close I bet
you're thinking what I'm thinking bad
we're all we're all still alive what is
what is up with that and it wasn't a
world supposed to end like six times
this year North Korea has been diddling
nuclear button for months and I do not
want the world end like that I wanted to
end from a robot uprising because one
robots are super cool think about cool
robots are and - look at this breathing
not cool very disappointed at the lack
of murderous robot uprising so my plan
is to build an AI driven swarm of drones
each of which tries to fly itself into a
human's head now why because the
mechanical uprising has to start
somewhere it may as well be me and two
guys that sounds super [__] funny oh
we're gonna do that hey will you want to
hold this please it's for a video thank
you very much just very good all right
don't don't hey [__] what are you a my
drone god dammit okay okay oh now I can
complain about sorry teach you about one
of the hardest parts of this project and
that's actually gonna be controlling
multiple drones at once see how these
guys normally work is your power them up
and they emit a Wi-Fi signal then you go
to your computer whatever device you
want to control them with and you
connect to that Wi-Fi network now you
can use the software built by the drone
manufacturer or even code your own but
just how you can't connect to Starbucks
and Taco Bell Wi-Fi at the same time you
can't connect to drone 1 Wi-Fi and drone
to Wi-Fi at the same time your computer
can only really handle one now I will
tell you the solution of this when I
figure it out myself and if I don't then
I'll just do what I always do and I will
give up and you'll never see this video
well right now it's drone Arduino and
radio module really not going to help us
getting picture from this camera which
we're definitely gonna need to do
to do human recognition but I I kind of
want to see what the insides look like
honestly so a couple of really cool
things right off the bat we have an
ultrasonic sensor to detect the altitude
of the drone we have a bottom facing
camera as opposed to this front facing
camera so we have two on board and if
you zoom in really close to this part
you can see right where I didn't go to
college for electrical engineering or
computer science I just didn't go to
color just gonna close that up and find
some other way to do this so it's been a
couple days and I haven't exactly left
left the house but oh god oh god [__]
up cool so that works the way you do
it's a it's a real pain in the ass
though instead of connecting to each
drone because that's do do you connect
each drone to a network then you can
connect the computer to that network and
talk to each and every drone but the
network you can just use any random
router like this one but Michael I hear
you ask how do you get the drone to
connect to the router
well nosy little [__] there's an open
tell that shell on every single drill
see just get in there type in this fancy
command give it an IP address and
bing-bang-boom what does all this mean
I'll [__] you know all I know is that we
need more drawings you know nothing
makes you appreciate patreon and
sponsors more than twelve drones showing
up to your doorstep at the same time
because God knows I can't pay for that
the [__] thing is is that all of these
girls put together is still less than
the cost of one nice DJI drone so every
time Casey nice that crash is one of
those
that's 12 headhunting drones that could
have gone towards the murderous robot
uprising which i think is just kind of
selfish honestly so if I run this Python
script I wrote it'll start a note
application for every drone on the
network I only have four running right
now you can see exactly what all of them
are seeing in real time so if I you know
I can move my foot on the ground it'll
see it pop up on their screens if I move
one drone a little bit up with my foot
you can see a pointing up at me right
there there is a like a tiny bit of
delay but most of it comes from just
displaying it on the screen so it's fine
we're Michael well you just put it on
all 12 rolls at the same time well my
computer is pretty good but it's not
processed facial recognition on 12
simultaneous video streams good so we
got to find a way around that we're
gonna have a system of leader drones and
follower drones kind of like real-life
am i right we live in a society instead
of spending actually ten thousand
dollars on a computer that can handle
twelve recognition streams each leader
drone is going to be responsible for
trying to find a human face when it
finally does it's gonna send signals to
two of its followers drones which are
then gonna follow the leader drone in
barreling towards the human's head as
for if the drones are gonna do what my
code tells them to do I didn't really
get them because they were good or
accurate or no I don't care as though
that's why I've just form one of them
will maybe probably get the target
speaking of the target while the swarm
of chargers let me show you what that
drone facial detection looks like I'm
just gonna start it up like this
alright alright okay now it should be
looking for my face
[Applause]
okay it should be following the cod okay
sometimes it overshoots but see where
the camera goes it's gonna follow but
we're not basic also that's yeah it
drifts a little bit because it's kind of
a shitty drone but god damn that that's
not super cold let's try that again with
ramming enables alright so if it sees my
face for long enough the text me and
then it should pull like that you ever
thought to yourself hey why is the world
still existing well boy do I have the
answer for you it rhymes with robot
uprising I'm walking along down the
street minding my own business and Oh
what is this killer drone swarm I'm bit
and that's the vision that's why we're
all here today for this historic event
this is the first ever live test of the
killer drone smart you don't have to
thank me I'm not a hero just a guy with
a dream of destroying humanity
not good
one by one this concludes the first test
of killer drills - all right I lowered
the face detection threshold the whole
fit tongue so it should be a lot easier
for them to detect me I don't really
know what to do about half of them
crashing before they take off into each
other I guess I could go outside where
there's more space but ya know
it actually came for me that time it was
a success rate on that like what 5 out
of 12
that's good that's better than I did in
school you can also just have them be
waiting and then take off and full
throttle forward
the second they detect a face down a
little bit oh he it's just me a random
member of humanity walking around oh
what are these doohickeys these are all
some pretty interesting bro oh gee oh
golly gee Oh God oh [__] dick [__] up
hurt Oh golly gee I've been I have been
I've been assaulted ah humanity's gone
then it's over
you just go to attacks giant metal
spikes or spinning blades to every one
of them and that very good humanities
over I look like a [__] insane person
holy [__] and hover alright that's the
end of the video thank you guys so much
for watching and
more videos like this one definitely
consider subscribing I know it's a free
country also a huge huge shout-out to my
patrons on patreon you guys make it so I
can do stupid videos like this one I
think that's everything I'll see you
guys next next time remember that time I
bought twelve drones me neither
cuz Skillshare paid for that [__] I was
really excited when scotia contacted me
because I learned to code entirely
online and I wish I had access to
something like Skillshare to makeup
process
way way easier for those of you who
don't know Skillshare is an online
learning community with over 22,000
courses in programming and a whole bunch
of [__] I don't care about but you're
not an [__] like me they have
something for everyone they got
videography photography productivity all
of us a whole bunch of [__] I know
nothing about right now I'm looking
through this nodejs
master class because guess what the code
for the entire drone storm is written in
100% nodejs that's not really what no
jess is made for but guess what you
learn something the right way it's real
easy to use it the wrong way if you're
interested premium memberships are only
about ten dollars a month but for the
first thousand people to sign up with
the link in the description you get two
months completely free these spots go
pretty fast so if you're really
interested I definitely recommend
checking it out
[Music]